In fact, this matter has to start from the day when the back of my Chu family was full of doors in the second year of Jing
Innocent that year
My Chu family rebelled
The Emperor makes it difficult for Uncle Lin to be his wife
I play the piano and have a strong temper
Shuangfang is beating his wife
Yeah yeah ugly smile
Ugly Smile should stop
Yeah!
Ruxiu
I know your family was wronged
But His Majesty will surely clear your name
It's too late.
Qin Xiu, for the sake of our many years of hypocrisy
Do me a favor
Chu Xiu, you said
As long as I can do it, I will never refuse
I Chu Boming had no children all my life
Only a daughter like Shuhan is hiding in the secret room
I hope he survives.
Chu Xiu, don't worry.
As long as I have breath in my own eyes
Make sure he is worry-free
Thanks a lot.
cue ball
Main Ball Main Ball Main Ball
Uncle Qin's child
Don't be afraid, it's all over
Near me
Your father has gone far, far away
It will take a long time to come back
Uncle also knows
Let's go dear uncle will take you out
Then Uncle Qian took me to Guo Zijian
Worshiped the traitor as a teacher
From then on I went incognito
Until today
I see
No wonder the second uncle found that secret room
And hide the secret there
What secret room?
It seems that you still don't want to believe me
I'll leave now
Hey wait
What else does Qin Gongzi have?
Did I say it all?